(LOOΠΔ gathered in knot and doing dance practice!)
(Thanks to the mirros, they can practice in any direction)
Choerry: We will practice hard~
Go Won: I dyed the hair roots today~
Go Won: So clean~
(It's like a perfect root touch-up!)
HaSeul: It's my birthday
HaSeul: However I keep forgetting it
HaSeul: Because this rehearsal is more important than my birthday!
HyunJin: Birthday bread (punch)!
HaSeul: Birthday bread...
HyunJin: Give me some bread!
(She welcomes anything that's bread)
HaSeul: She seems happy nowadays
HaSeul: And I'm also happy~
HaSeul: (Suddenly?) You lost some weight, HyunJIn?
(It makes HyunJin happy!)
HyunJin: I think I would cry~
HaSeul: I think so. I would cry a lot...